We have already created the ServiceAccount and ClusterRoleBinding that our custom scheduler will make use of.

Checkout the following Kubernetes objects:

- ServiceAccount: my-scheduler (kube-system namespace)
- ClusterRoleBinding: my-scheduler-as-kube-scheduler
- ClusterRoleBinding: my-scheduler-as-volume-scheduler

Run the command: `kubectl get serviceaccount -n kube-system` and `kubectl get clusterrolebinding`


Please create a ConfigMap that the new scheduler will utilize, implementing the concept of ConfigMap as a volume.
A ConfigMap definition file named `my-scheduler-configmap.yaml` has been provided at the `/root/` path. This file will be used to create a ConfigMap with the name `my-scheduler-config`, utilizing the content from the file located at /root/my-scheduler-config.yaml.


```bash
kubectl apply -f /root/my-scheduler-configmap.yaml -n kube-system
```

Deploy an additional scheduler to the cluster following the given specification.


Utilize the manifest file located at `/root/my-scheduler.yaml`. Ensure that you are using the same image as that of the default Kubernetes scheduler.

To verify the image used by the default Kubernetes scheduler, execute the following command:

`kubectl describe pod kube-scheduler-controlplane --namespace=kube-system`
Note : Deploying the new scheduler may take a few seconds to reach a running state.


```bash
kubectl apply -f /root/my-scheduler.yaml
```


Please modify the provided Pod manifest file located at /root/nginx-pod.yaml to specify that the Pod should be scheduled by your custom scheduler, which is named my-scheduler.


After updating, create the Pod in the default namespace and verify it is scheduled by your custom scheduler.

Note : The pod may take a few seconds to reach a running state.


```bash
kubectl apply -f /root/nginx-pod.yaml 
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1 
kind: Pod 
metadata:
  name: nginx 
spec:
  schedulerName: my-scheduler
  containers:
  - image: nginx
    name: nginx
```

