What is not a function of admission controller?


Which admission controller is not enabled by default?
- NamespaceAutoProvisioning

Which admission controller is enabled by default?

- cat /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-apiserver.yaml | grep enable-admission-plugins
`- --enable-admission-plugins=NodeRestriction`



The previous step failed due to the NamespaceExists admission controller being enabled in Kubernetes. This controller rejects requests for namespaces that do not already exist. Therefore, to automatically create a namespace that does not exist, you should enable the NamespaceAutoProvision admission controller.


Enable the `NamespaceAutoProvision` admission controller

Note: Once you update kube-apiserver yaml file, please wait for a few minutes for the kube-apiserver to restart completely.


```bash
vim /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-apiserver.yaml
```

Find the `--enable-admission-plugins` flag under the container command: section. Append `NamespaceAutoProvision` to the list (don’t remove existing ones)

```bash
- --enable-admission-plugins=NodeRestriction,NamespaceLifecycle,ServiceAccount,DefaultStorageClass,ResourceQuota,NamespaceAutoProvision
```

Save and exit the file.

Since this is a static pod, kubelet will automatically detect the manifest change and restart the kube-apiserver pod
```bash
kubectl get pods -n kube-system | grep kube-apiserver

kubectl describe po kube-apiserver-controlplane -n kube-system
```


Please be aware that the `NamespaceExists` and `NamespaceAutoProvision` admission controllers have been deprecated and are now succeeded by the `NamespaceLifecycle` admission controller.

The `NamespaceLifecycle` admission controller ensures that any requests made to a non-existent namespace are rejected, and it safeguards the default namespaces, including `default`, `kube-system`, and `kube-public`, from being deleted.


To disable the `DefaultStorageClass` admission controller, please edit the file located at `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-apiserver.yaml`. In the kube-apiserver command section, add the following line:

`--disable-admission-plugins=DefaultStorageClass` After making this change, save the file and allow a few minutes for the kube-apiserver to restart.


Note: After implementing this change, Kubernetes will cease to automatically assign the default StorageClass to new PersistentVolumeClaims (PVCs) that do not explicitly define a storageClassName. However, to fully prevent automatic provisioning, ensure that no StorageClass is marked as default in your cluster.



Since the kube-apiserver is running as pod you can check the process to see enabled and disabled plugins.
```bash
ps -ef | grep kube-apiserver | grep admission-plugins
```